Note: V55.1 is the latest version. Please update to it!

v55.1
Fix SING and ANTM destroying WALL element
Add Vote background and counts to save browser (Thanks to Maticzpl)
New additional stat option in quick settings (shows additional stats)
Add Comment timestamps
Make URS less colourful
minor misc changes

v55.0
New quick options
Removed password system
Major rewrite of mod, now matches latest snapshot
Mod can now save and load most of the settings
Updated URS links
Remove Z-Hole wall
Fix Confirm prompts
Wall element is now resistant towards WARP
New slowmotion mode
Cross hair is now in quick options
Change the load animation back to default.

Other changes from snapshots:
Fix many-headed stickmen
Approximate save previews with thumbnails if they are available
Fix vote bars in previews touching the enclosing rectangles
Request UTF-8 code page at startup
Fix paste previews being positioned incorrectly
Fix more reflection issues
Fix some air simulation asymmetriesFix stamps being impossible to delete
Fix custom elements disappearing on load
Fix custom element types being mangled in secondary properties
Improve determinism, useful for debugging
Fix a particularly obscure water equalization crash
Fix RIME's description (it is formed through deposition, not sublimation)
Fix delete key not functioning correctly in textboxes when text is selected
Add fs.isLink
Avoid Year 2038 problem with save creation dates
Make Grave (the key under Esc) exiting the console optional
Rearrange settings view slightly
Fix crash if an avatar is missing from the server
Fix votes not making it to the server in some cases (don't worry, very obvious when it happens)
Fix very early crash in on certain platforms if an element menu is scrolled too far right
Fix logouts not actually destroying sessions
Fix crash when overwriting a local save
Fix sim.neighbours yielding the center particle
Fix crash if a save thumbnail is missing from the server

v54.1
Add BIZR/BIZG/BIZS ctype serialization
Fix potential crashes due to overeager operator[]s 
Stop pointing to starcatcher server for update checks
Cap FPS in a more stable way
Other fixes after v97.0 release
new iscrackmod variable for scripts that need to detect crackmod

v54.0:
Match v97.0
update tptmp to v2.0.28
other fixes from master branch
Fix URS not handling updates properly on linux.
Add various checks to prevent renaming issues when updating
Make appname a constant for updater.

v53.1:
Attempt to fix URS filedone errors.

v53.0:
Update tptmp to v2.0.27
Fix maticzpl's embedded notification script not working because of a malformed URL
Fix CLRC not sticking to COPR.
Fix prop tool not setting x and y coordinates properly.
Fix RUBR catching fire while bouncing off particles, better burn code.
New reaction: OIL and GAS now dissolves RUBR. 
Improve the pressure blocking code for wall element.
URS now handles file renaming globally.

v52.5 (Beta):
New element: RUBR (rubber). Read wiki for more information.
Match v97.0 beta.
Add ability to change votes.
Add temperature scales option, controls whether Celsuis, Kelvin, or Fahrenheit is default in the HUD, PROP tool, and console
Configure the mod name, window title and app id.
Fix colours for http links being shown wrong

v52.0
New element: (To be added soon)
Major update to URS, much more simple and now supports scrolling changelogs.
Make GLAS strengthening reaction more controllable and not so arbitrary
.tmp2 is now shown for all the elements
Big update to .tmp sensor (can now detect all sorts of .tmp properties, modes changed with .tmp3 values)
Update wiki with new information (read wiki for new .tmp sensor changes!).
Customise URS to properly support mac os updates
Increase fuel limit for SPSH, improve graphics.
Fix MIST and SPSH getting accepted as a valid ctype for CLNE and other elements.
Fix status being accidentaly set to online when it's not.
Fix introtext not hiding hud completely.
Unify icons - the new icon looks similar to the old, but is now the same across Windows/Mac/Linux
Render options now match vanilla one again, will be fixed properly in future.
Add Lua support for partial sim updates
Add warning while performing mod resets.
Fix the zoom window producing out of bounds coordinates
Fix lag when scrolling local save browser (it now caches thumbnails again)
Fix local browser offering to open broken saves
Fix possible crash when flood filling with particle limit filled
Fix glitchy behavior when flood filling solid particles around detect wall
Add evt.beforesim and evt.aftersim for running code only when simulation advances
Add sim.updateUpTo and sim.lastUpdatedID, for handling partial sim updates in Lua
Add sim.historyRestore and sim.historyForward
Add underline escape sequence to text renderer (\bU)

v51.1
Fix potential crash when opening some saves.
Turning off Mod elements now hides MIST and SPSH too.
Fix multiple MIST bugs
MOVS in now fully functional space ship element. Found under special menu.

v51.0
New element: MOVS (Moving solid). Controlled via dedicated controller.
Improvements to URS updater
URS now supports downgrading builds to previous versions too.
Fix mist tool allowing users to place multiple MISL at once.
Fix force update option if there's no connection.
New Reaction: PHOT + GRPH = UV
Cross-hair now shows particle counts for left and right selected elements.
Split theme now applies to Cross-hair too.
Other changes from master branch:
Expose BZ2 to Lua
Add inverted element filtering to CONV with tmp2 set to 1
Make file browser respond to search query changes while loading files 
Replace max/min pressure with constants
Fix text in some buttons being cut off prematurely
Add verb parameter to http.get/post

v50.0
Changelog for V50.0
Revert changes that broke snapshots and URS updater.
Fix ELEX turning into MIST Tool.
Prevent CLNE and other elements from accepting MIST tool as a ctype.
MIST tool uses sim.adjustcoords to support working with zoom window.
Fix save titles and tags getting cut.
Fix and Enable URS for MacOS ARM and x86 versions.
Update the intro text.
Enable Macos builds (Work In Progress)
New Force Update option in control centre.
Fixes for the URS and make it show the platform while updating./**

v49.0: Broken update

v48.0
New TOOL: MIST MIssile Target, helps set the target coordinates for missile.
Optimised checks for updates and motds, more efficient now.
One file for all checks
Rewrite parts of URS 
Minor changes to ball element
Fix URS not working properly on LINUX
Optimised Autostamp feature.
Sodium is now a solid, use pressure to powderise it.
Rewrite sodium to be a bit more intresting.
Merge changes from snapshots:
Fix rare crash upon clearing the ambient temperature input box in settings
Add http.getAuthToken
Add clip rect feature to Graphics and gfx.setClipRect

v47.5
Add missing renderer option lines.
New Neon Mode in control centre, makes everything super bright.
New element: BALL, super bouncy rubber balls.
New default theme.
Allow pulse theme to work with split mode.
Make pulse button toggle the mode
Pulse theme no longer reverts the theme back to default when turned off.
Split theme now applies to top bar aswell.
Better failsafe module
Merge changes from latest snapshot:
Fix uninitialized stickmen
Fix OOB read when parsing empty string as float
Photon reflection fix (Minor)

v47.0
Optimised various startup checks
More efficient checks for split theme
Reduced the linux version file size by half
New workflows
Fix bug where clicks won't register while showing update notifications.
URS updater now shows the progress of downloads
More optimised updater.
Split theme applies to other areas aswell

V46.0
Enable By date button when viewing Favorites
New theme called split, inverts half of the user interface colour.
Fix invalid stamps names being accepted
Fix Focus mode not hiding topbar.
URS now shows manual download links when updater fails.
Adjust the vote count and comment time stamp preview in browser.
Crop stamp thumbnails that don't fit even when resized.
Make QRTZ slightly change color while growing.
Drop support for mac os builds (for now)
Fixes from master branch

v45.0
Fix upper bits of tmp3 and tmp4 getting saved in saves, causing issues for vanilla users.
Settings is now Cr-Menu
Add supoort for Win32
Preliminary support for Mac (X86_64) versions only
Add comment time stamps

V44.0
Fix version number in startup text
Remove some restrictions making users unable to pulish saves
Add some missing info in wiki

V43.0
Sodium under Vaccum now gives off yellow light.
Fix TURB producing sprk loops
Around 8% performance boost.
Fix URS giving timeout errors for some users.
Merges from latest snapshot
Switch from Maticzpl's method to official one for dealing with new property alias.
Improved interface for Startup elem selector.

V42.0
Fix saves from v97.0 error when loading some newer saves.
New Feature: Startup elem selector, allows you to set default elements to load on startup.
Remove Update MP option.
Fix some typos in wiki.
Make URS statuses somewhat less distracting.
Optimised release process.

 V41.0
Fix cross-hair not hiding even when turned off
Make sodium react with Cl2 only when above 50C and few other adjustments.
Better handling for update failures.
Update wiki

V40.0
Custom gravity settings.
This update brings a new element called SODM (sodium).
Update tptmp to v2.0.25
Add support for showing changelogs to the URS system.
Now it also shows the status while performing different update checks
Fix cross-hair not hiding properly when using different modifier keys.
Fix colour code for EMGT.

V39.0:
Performance improvements to EMGT, range extended from 20 to 40!
Fix trees grown using seed getting covered with vine.
Fix Cross-hair interfering with decorations when flood filling.
URS 2.0:
Better handling for linux and more optimised.
Fix linux version not getting restarted after successful updates.

V38.0 released:
New URS (Unified Release System). Automatically downloads and applies updates when they are released, no need to manually download them.
Updated tptmp to v2.0.24
Improved and more efficient startup checks.


v1.0 to v 37.0: Data deleted. URS will only show changelogs for v38.0 and higher.
